"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon
"Get busy living or get busy dying." - Stephen King
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." - Dalai Lama
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." - Confucius
"May you live all the days of your life." - Jonathan Swift
"Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life." - Mark Twain
"Life is a journey that must be traveled no matter how bad the roads and accommodations." - Oliver Goldsmith
"Keep calm and carry on." - Winston Churchill
"Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet." - Sarah Louise Delany
"The unexamined life is not worth living." - Socrates
"Turn your wounds into wisdom." - Oprah Winfrey
"Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be." - Grandma Moses
"Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." - Elbert Hubbard
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." - Robert Frost
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all." - Oscar Wilde
"Life is made of ever so many partings welded together." - Charles Dickens
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"Life is ten percent what happens to us and ninety percent how we respond to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
"Life is about making an impact, not making an income." - Kevin Kruse
"An unexamined life is not worth living." - Socrates
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all." - Oscar Wilde
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." - Confucius
"Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans." - Allen Saunders
"Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life." - Mark Twain
"In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." - Abraham Lincoln
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The only impossible journey is the one you never begin." - Tony Robbins
"Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet." - Sarah Louise Delany
"Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale." - Hans Christian Andersen
"The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams." - Oprah Winfrey
"Life is a journey that must be traveled no matter how bad the roads and accommodations." - Oliver Goldsmith
